First blog post: Introduction to nixifying haskell project (#17)
juspay/zero-to-flakes: blog/nixify_your_haskell_project/2023-09-08-Introduction.md

---
description: Introduction to simplifying haskell development with nix.
slug: nixify-haskell-project-intro
authors: shivaraj-bh
tags: [haskell, basics, flakes, nix]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---
# Nixify your haskell project: Introduction

> The purpose of this blog posts series is to simplify Haskell development workflow for you. In this post we will introduce [Nix](https://nixos.org/) as solution to this. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the start of a series of blog posts series aimed at simplifying Haskell development & packaging workflow using [Nix](https://nixos.org/). In this post, we begin the series by nixifying a Haskell application that uses PostgreSQL database and package it for end-users to run with one command.
```
